chore: update router-bridge@0.6.3+v2.9.2 (#6069)
apollographql/router: .changesets/chore_update_router_bridge_292.md

### Update to Federation v2.9.2 ([PR #6069](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6069))

> This release updates to Federation v2.9.2, which fixes sibling `__typename` optimization (that will reduce JS vs RS QP mismatch) and `@context/@fromContext` fix for handling argument name collisions.

Reviewer: User-facing text so let's not mention the mismatch ratio, which they should not care about:
```suggestion
This release updates to Federation v2.9.2, with a small fix to the internal `__typename` optimization and a fix to prevent argument name collisions in the `@context`/`@fromContext` directives.
```
